Adding MI samples (#12)
wso2/choreo-examples: ipaas/micro-integrator/data-service/README.md

# Data service integration

> This samples show how to create a integration which integrate with RDBMS. This example expose Employee information
> stored in Database as a REST API. First, for this sample repository to use it with choreo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The "Data Service Integration" sample demonstrates how to create an integration that integrates with a relational database management system (RDBMS) and exposes employee information stored in the database as a REST API. To use this sample with Choreo, follow these steps:
```

> ## Setting up database
> - Start a MySQL instance and create Database(ex: misampledb).
> - Import the script to create schema and populate employee data
> - Identify the public accessible connection url and credentials

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Setting up the database
- Start a MySQL instance and create a database (for example, `misampledb`).
- Import the script to create the schema and populate employee data.
- Identify the publicly accessible connection URL and credentials for the database.
```

## Create a MI Integration
- Login to [Choreo console](https://console.choreo.dev/)

> - Select iPaaS profile and create new component with name `Integration as an API`
> - Give a name and description
> - Authorize and select the GitHub details
> - Select the `GitHub Account`
> - Select the forked repository for `GitHub Repository`
> - Select the `Branch` as `main`
> - Select `WSO2 MI` as `Build Preset`
> - Enter `ipaas/micro-integrator/data-service` for the `Project Path`
> - Enter `ipaas/micro-integrator/data-service/openapi.yaml` for the `OpenAPI File Path`
> - Then click on create
> - Once done, go to `Deploy` section and click on `Deploy Manually` button

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Select the iPaaS profile and create a new component named `Integration as an API`
- Provide a name and description for the component.
- Authorize and select the GitHub details
- Select the `GitHub Account` and the forked repository for `GitHub Repository`
- Select the `Branch` as `main`
- Select `WSO2 MI` as `Build Preset`
- Enter `ipaas/micro-integrator/data-service` as the `Project Path`
- Enter `ipaas/micro-integrator/data-service/openapi.yaml` as the `OpenAPI File Path`
- Click on "Create" to create the component.
- Once the component is created, go to the "Deploy" section and click on the "Deploy Manually" button.
```

### Setting up Environment variables

> - Database details need to be passed as environment variables
> - For that, go to the DevOps portal and select the component and `Configs & Secrets` to configure the env variables
> - Click on `Create` button and select `Environment Variables` as the `Configuration Type`
> - Give a name for the `Config Name`
> - Add Key value pairs to register them as environment variables. ex:
>   - `DB_DRIVER_CLASS` for `Key` and `com.mysql.jdbc.Driver` for `Value`
>   - `DB_CONNECTION_URL` for `Key` and `jdbc:mysql://<public ip or hostname>:3306/misampledb` for `Value`
>   - `DB_USER` for `Key` and db username for `Value`
>   - `DB_PASS` for `Key` and db password for `Value`
>   - Click on `Finish` to apply the changes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The database details need to be passed as environment variables.
- To do this, go to the DevOps portal and select the component and "Configs & Secrets" to configure the environment variables.
- Click on "Create" and select "Environment Variables" as the configuration type.
- Give a name for the `Config Name`
- Add key-value pairs to register them as environment variables. For example:
  - `DB_DRIVER_CLASS` for `Key` and `com.mysql.jdbc.Driver` for `Value`
  - `DB_CONNECTION_URL` for `Key` and `jdbc:mysql://<public ip or hostname>:3306/misampledb` for `Value`
  - `DB_USER` for `Key` and db username for `Value`
  - `DB_PASS` for `Key` and db password for `Value`
  - Click on `Finish` to apply the changes
```
